Stacked horizontal bar chart (#622)
hackoregon/civic: packages/component-library/stories/horizontalBarChart.notes.md

## Example: Minimalist

## Example: With Negative Values

## Example: Stacked Bar Chart

The Stacked Bar Chart shows all the possible properties for the stacked option of the Horizontal Bar Chart.

> The Stacked Bar Chart requires the `stacked` and `groupByValue` props. The `groupByValue` is the value that you would like to data to be grouped by. This is the value that is represented by the color of the bar, not the value of the x or y axis. This value is needed because the chart requires an array of arrays of objects, and the standard data structure for CIVIC is an array of objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stacked Bar Chart requires the `stacked` and `dataSeries` props. The `dataSeries` is the value that you would like to data to be grouped by. This is the value that is represented by the color of the bar, not the value of the x or y axis.
```

Reviewer: Removed the last sentence since it's an implementation detail not relevant to the component user
